knauf is a complete solution for any
premises
This is a comfortable home for each member.
family comfort in the house
sktools begins the twenty third round
mini-football super leagues on one
the site met those who lead
and those who closes the standings
dynamo and progress the outcome of two games
it was not difficult to foresee the Moscow Region
the team has strengthened its leadership
tournament since the first meeting is open
sergey sergei strong blow from far
distance breaching the gate of progress
had rf they tried to resist
head pressure but dynamo yet
turned out to be a master knight rival
at first of course
the tactic was visible the team played more
long passes so a little bit to me
know at the beginning of the game they could not cope
we later amended everything became
ok fernandinho 3 football playing on
finishing off while couples
of progress
just turned off the fight later
few minutes fernan sharing successfully
punch 6-meter hat-trick football player
Dyn makes out as a result fast
one touch repacking
turn off pigeons with cancer progress manages
thanks to the appointed penalty
it implements Alexei Petrov save
such a gap account for a long time the home team is not
succeeds Pavel Suchilin having played on
counterattack increases score on the scoreboard
so to the defender of the gate of progress
it remains only to throw up your hands
soccer player sporting rage progress
added Alexey Petrov's removal from the field
field players not only defended two
three minutes against four, we immediately
after alexander him brought the team
long-awaited second goal joy
the fans were short-lived and get even
the home team failed to Paul
suchilin scores the sixth goal after him
corner runner strong kick
increases friend's gap or chases
Cyril's dynamo punches the very center
turnover progress most productive
legionnaires in this confrontation
turned out to be a feast of nandy newfagi
his money box after a long pass
gustav across the field defenders
progress left fernandinho 1 in
goalkeeper zone goalkeeper reds on
exit was wrong and fernandinho head
throw the ball to the gate and right there their gift
Nugumanov took advantage of the absence
defenders in the goalkeeper progress zone
the dynamo continues to beat without resistance
turn to catch an opponent on fast
counterattacks so quickly late
fernando striker u who with
turn does not hesitate hit the ball
leads to another missed
progress score meeting 21
while our head was thinking coped
rivals created scoring chances but
implementation of course matter to some
the moment we have players overlapped
Emotion probably earned is not necessary and
removing moisture does not justify it either
in any case, and later himself well,
probably after that moment went here
us something is wrong and the desk desk + + +
such games are very important role from the goalkeeper
Today I can say that we missed
don't necessarily study
and the second day the confrontation situation on
the field was repeated again Dynamo
crushed outsiders and again
Fernandinho draws poker he already on
second minute, opened the gate Nicholas
sergey his rival take advantage
instant interception in half
progress exactly late fernandinho this
one touch sends the ball past
goalkeeper
bill compares Sergey for calling accidents
substitute foot he sends the ball to
gate target
an encouraging start has not justified
goalkeeper progress again allow
yesterday's mistakes and fernandinho
uses it in cold blood
2 play more and more like the first
meeting guests again dictates their own rules
and it turns out to be the master witte opponent from
the defender of progress and the attacker dynamo
can't share the ball quicker in this
combat turned out to be a player dynamo
Anatoly Badretdinov sweep the net
progress another holiday dynamo on
half the progress ended so that
another legionary of guests pepito selected
the ball from the opponent and per square meter
beat the goalkeeper eyes chan attempts
to get back did not leave Alexander
Metelkina failed quick exit from
defense another blow from quang even
had success though you reduced the lead to
two swords after a prolonged attack dynamo
followed by a long-range strike
it will end with a bounce from the bar and here
irreplaceable fernandinho elegantly heel
played on finishing
and brought to the active dynamo 5 a goal
no one could keep up with fernandinho
players progress legionary unmistakably
closes the next lumbago corner
platforms
and further unsuccessful transmission cut off
all defenders of the progress of the series
left alone with the goalkeeper reds
and due to individual actions it is easy
Ildar Nugumanov deals with him
sets the final score of the game 82
guests benefit the first half turned out
persistently enough we accomplished a lot
loss turn opponent's portal
Today looked more reliable and in general
game in progress in the first half
it turned out therefore the beginning was outstanding
difficult enough for us but as far as
how we were able to create a reserve in two
the ball
we will feel calmer
liberation like today and tried
and fought and fought
dedication was
rival was so master the kind that
for every little mistake at their gates
we were punished
you punished what so by
the results of two games, the football players took away the dynamo
from Izhevsk 6 points and kept the lead
in the standings anna caverina
especially for mini football association
Russia and the victims